hey guys a bit of a dramatic intro I
know but I think it fits the context of
hitting a hundred and fifty thousand
subscribers here on YouTube it's
absolutely crazy I felt my 50k Q&A five
months ago five months ago that means
that we've grown a hundred thousand
subscribers in five months tell me
that's not absolutely crazy so as per
usual I put a sticker on my story on my
Instagram account karma medic you don't
follow me follow me it'll be somewhere
over here on the screen go follow me
over there for updates about what I'm
doing on a day to day basis and medical
school life and things like that now I
was checking that story this morning to
see the questions that we got and the
number of questions you guys sent is
insane let me show you there's
absolutely no way I'm gonna be able to
answer all of these questions there's
just so many here and I'm really sorry
if I don't read yours I promise I'll do
my very best to get through as many as
possible
look at that I want to be as fair as
possible so I'm gonna start with the
questions that were sent in first and
work my way up to the questions that
were sent in last and hopefully I
answered your question all right two
quick things before we start first smash
like on this video and subscribe to my
channel to you pour content from the in
the future oh my god I've become a
proper youtube or have a knife and then
the second thing let me address some of
the most highly asked questions in my
YouTube comments and Instagram DM so I
can address those here and then answer
other questions in the rest of the video
so first of all my name is Nasir karma
or Nauset karma yes I speak fluent
Arabic and I am from Jordan I was born
in Vancouver Canada and then shortly
after moved to Greece where I did my
lower school middle school in high
school I then did my degree in
immunology microbiology and
biotechnology at the University of
Toronto and now I'm studying medicine at
King's College London here in the United
Kingdom and the reason that I'm writing
the USMLE step 1 exam is that I haven't
decided where I want to spend the rest
of my life working as a doctor and so
I'm writing this exam to keep my options
open in case I decide I want to go to
the US in the future okay I think that
cover is probably 80% of the questions
that I get on a daily basis now let's
get into the questions you guys asked me
on Instagram its medical school worth it
and is there a chance for a social life
by the way love your vids thank you
so yes medical school is absolutely
worth it the first two years of theory
based learning might not be as
interesting as the clinical
after that but once you start clinical
placement you realize everything that
you hoped medical school was is actually
what it is and it's just everything
you've been looking forward to talking
to patients trying to learn about their
management and their treatment you know
it's actually so exciting to be able to
talk to a patient and ask them any
question in the world and they will tell
you the answer they will offer that
information to you it's an absolute
privilege and I'm so happy I chose
medicine as my career path I'm applying
for med school but I get faint with
blood do you get desensitized to this an
anonymous please okay so yeah absolutely
my uncle is a neonatal cardiothoracic
surgeon and when he was younger he used
to faint at the sight of blood all the
time I fainted the first time I saw
someone get an epidural injection and in
my first year when we were in the
cadaver lab dissecting some of the
anatomical specimens I think we had five
students faint and pass out fall on the
floor completely during one day so yeah
absolutely don't take that as a sign
that you can't do medicine oh this is a
good one which pet would you keep so in
Toronto I had a period of about four or
five months where I was living alone and
I got so damn bored that I actually
bought a goldfish and I kid you know I
would say good morning to the goldfish
every single day and I would say hi when
I came back from home Dave University it
was like having my friend in the
apartment but honestly fish are kind of
difficult to take care of cuz they
require a lot of cleaning and
maintenance so I probably wouldn't get a
fish again if I was gonna get a pet now
we would definitely be a reptile like a
lizard or a snake I just think they're
so cool but I don't have nearly enough
space in my room or the time to commit
to something like that what do you think
about the new iPad it's basically the
exact same as the old iPad I see
absolutely zero need to buy it and I
definitely will not be buying it time
for a haircut ever tried cutting your
own hair yeah I know I definitely need a
haircut but with the whole quarantine
situation going on I can't really get
one and I'm definitely not cutting my
own hair what makes you want to be a
youtuber yes I'm a huge fan of your
daily dose thank you so much YouTube
honestly I find it's an amazing creative
outlet I've been editing videos for a
very long time way before YouTube but
just having the ability to share my
videos with an audience and receive
feedback and interact with you guys it's
just something I found so amazing I
think it's incredible that I have a
platform where I can reach so many other
students and the heartwarming messages
in my comments and in my Instagram DMS
that I get on a daily basis is honestly
what keeps me going the fact that anyone
at all has found any use or value in
my videos just honestly makes me over
the moon so when are you gonna do that
called modern warfare cuz you know soon
comes in come how do you have a plan for
everything in your life honestly guys I
can't imagine doing just about anything
without having a plan I almost feel like
I'm addicted to timekeeping and ensuring
that I waste as little time as possible
in every single activity that I do I try
and write down everything that I want to
do I allocate specific times and periods
to what I need to do things and whenever
I'm working or moving around the house
or anything I'm just trying to save time
my low-key feel that I have an obsession
with time and time saving and I'm gonna
make a video on that in the future who's
a youtuber that you'd like to collab
with one day alright great question
great question Eve Cornwell she is a
lawyer working here in London and she
makes fantastically edited videos uses
all the right music and dances and
everything I'm really really enjoying
her content I forgot about my tea okay
here's one in Arabic leche map dama dama
Alana B I'll feed your heart Akuma table
attack min Palestine yeah so basically
what that means is why don't you
translate your videos into Arabic that's
a great question and now I've actually
turned on my community collaborations
more subtitles on my videos so anyone of
you watching this video right now I'll
put a link in the description down below
and you can go and help translate some
of my videos to other languages question
from Fredrik why didn't you go to med
school when you were 18 so straight out
of high school I actually did apply to
medical school here in the UK I applied
to Kings College London Imperial
Edinburgh and Cambridge I got rejected
from the first three but I got an
interview at Cambridge and that really
didn't go well because I had no idea
what I was doing on top of that I didn't
prepare for the you count very well and
so I didn't get a good score there and
none of these things helped me secure an
offer that's why I went to Canada to do
my undergraduate degree and when I was
done with that I reapplied to medical
school and got in favorite place to
study in London I'm actually not a big
fan of studying in like coffee shops and
outdoor areas and things like that
I much prefer libraries and my favorite
library to go to at the moment is the
Mon library on the Strand campus of
King's College London and recently I
checked out a couple of libraries in UCL
which were also really really nice I'll
definitely be going back there how often
did you fail an exam in medical school
I've never failed an exam in medical
or university or high school or anything
like that the lowest grade I ever got
was in a physics module I got 55 percent
on one of the midterms which was
absolutely soul-crushing but I ended up
finishing the class with an A do you
think the will settle in two or three
months time big disclaimer I'm
absolutely no expert this is just my
personal opinion personal opinion
actually very sadly I really think it
won't I think it's gonna take at least a
month before everyone in every single
country starts doing very strict
stay-at-home measures and then after
that I think it's gonna take months of
slowly reintroducing the population to
going outside slowly opening shopping
areas and then eventually travel and
even when we do that we're gonna be
monitoring the number of cases they're
gonna start spiking again left and right
so I really think that we're in this for
quite some time favorite NBA memory bro
are you seriously asking me this it's
obviously the Raptors winning the trip
how do you manage things like your
girlfriend YouTube studying in college
don't you feel distraction sometimes yes
obviously I feel distracted and
unmotivated just like everybody else
but honestly how I look at it is that
there's certain things that I want to
achieve in life for example being a
doctor getting good grades in university
exercising having a YouTube channel
having a girlfriend having friends in
the social life whatever those things
are those are the most important things
in my life and why would I sacrifice any
of them I take each one of those things
and I make a schedule for them and I
allocate time to them and I plan for how
I'm gonna accomplish them and I just
make it a non-negotiable thing in my
head that those have to get done what's
your go-to breakfast honestly for the
last like four or five years I've had
pretty much the same breakfast every
single day which is - sunny-side up eggs
on a piece of toast how many siblings do
you have I have one twin she is a female
and she lives right behind that wall
what's your favorite thing to do to
relax honestly for me I really enjoy
spending time with other people if I
spend too much time alone or I don't
leave the house I go absolutely crazy
which is just not good for the current
times that we're living in other than
socialising with friends I'm a very big
fan of video games I think playing games
is a great way to sort of clear your
mind and focus on something else get a
little bit of rest and relaxation in
your day on average how many hours do
you study each day this honestly really
varies depending on the time of the year
so for example now with all this free
time that we have and me preparing for
the USMLE step one I'm studying about
eight hours a day however throughout the
year if it's just like a normal week of
attending placement and having a couple
of lectures and stuff like that I'll
probably do somewhere between two to
three hours a day what are you currently
binge watching I'm actually rewatching
Breaking Bad with my sister because
we're currently watching better call
Saul and those two fit together very
well
have you ever dissected a cadaver in
your medical school if yes then what was
your experience so yeah King's College
London we all are able to dissect the
human cadaver
you share a human cadaver with about
seven or eight other students and yeah
it's honestly it's it's an absolute
privilege first and foremost and second
of all it's is just amazing to be able
to actually cut into and reveal all the
different layers and insides of a real
human body something that I think you
really need to do with care you really
need to take your time with and you need
to take in and understand and appreciate
the gravity of what it is that you're
doing in front of you this is a real
human body that came from a real person
and they've decided to donate their body
to science it's an absolutely incredible
experience and if you have the chance to
attend the Medical School where you can
do the dissection yourself I would
highly highly recommend it this is a
good question why do you follow your
medical lessons online okay so I don't
attend any lectures in person and this
comes with a huge caveat that is the
fact that we have all of our lectures
recorded online so I can watch all my
lectures both video and audio online
from my home when I attended the
University of Toronto this was not an
option and I had a 100% attendance rate
and the reason that I did that is
because if he didn't go to lecture there
was absolutely nowhere else to get that
information and so it was a
non-negotiable fact of life that I had
to attend my lectures here however on
King's College London everything is
provided for me online and so I can take
my time when I'm writing my notes and I
can pause and I can play back and I can
think about what it is that I'm
absorbing from the lecture whereas when
I'm sitting in the class listening to
the professor speak there's obviously
going to be a lag period between them
talking and me writing down and I found
that I spend way too much time focusing
on writing my notes as opposed to
listening and understanding the
information that's coming in when I sit
at home on my computer I can actually do
a lot more of that understanding and
it's a much more efficient process for
me which College were you in at U of T
and how did you like U of T which
program were you in okay so I was at new
college I was living in 40 Wilcox I had
one of the rooms overlooking that direct
street above the entrance and I was
doing a double major in biotechnology
and microbiology and a minor in
immunology
how did I find the school honestly it is
huge it's absolutely massive the class
sizes of some of the biggest classes in
first years upwards of 2,000 students
it's like it's ridiculously big which
leads to a very big campus with lots of
facilities and libraries and activities
and things like that which is all great
however the program itself I found very
difficult there is a lot of cutthroat
studying and intense work that you have
to do in order to keep up at U of T it's
a very difficult school my go-to coffee
order when I'm out and about moving
around throughout the day it's
definitely a flat white if I'm sitting
down on my desk here or to study in the
library it's just a black Americano
resources for Sept one I just filmed the
video about that so hopefully it's
already up on the channel and I'll leave
a link in description down below if you
have to go on holiday anywhere where
would it be I would honestly really like
to go to Asia I want to go to Vietnam
Japan China Thailand I really really
want to explore those cultures because
they're just so different than my
culture and I just want to go and roam
around in the jungle and in the busy
cities talk to people there I would
really love to go let me have that
orange dog for a fiver please oh
thanks for the reminder how can you deal
with stress when it comes to exams
honestly about 99% of the time before an
exam I feel almost zero stress as close
to no stress as I possibly can be and
the reason that I feel that way is
because I start preparing for the exam
early and I do lots of reading lots of
studying lots of practice questions and
everything that I can possibly do to put
myself in a good position to do well on
that exam so when it comes to writing
the exam whether I perform well or not I
know that I've done the very best that I
can't put myself in the position to
perform as best as possible okay so the
next question is about clinical
placement yeah come in hey man what's up
oh yeah what else
comment and cool and don't forget - oh
cool man thanks see you later so much of
coffee
aren't you resistant to caffeine yet how
does it work for you good question so if
you guys watch my channel at all you'll
know that I drink a lot of coffee pretty
much throughout the whole day from when
I wake up until about 7 p.m. and then
I'd stop before I go to sleep now if I'm
absolutely honest with you guys I do not
feel the effects of caffeine at all I
drink coffee because I love the smell
and I love the idea of having something
in my hand something to drink during my
long studying periods however I can
easily drink a coffee and go straight to
sleep or I can drink coffee at 10 p.m.
11 p.m. if I need to stay up and study
and I can go to sleep right after just
fine so I'm pretty sure caffeine has
almost no effect on me but I still drink
it because I love the taste and I love
the experience of coffee as a whole are
you going to make any karma medic
merchandise
you should have a meet and greet in
London when this is all over yeah that's
actually a really really good idea it's
something that I was building up towards
actually doing now in the summer but
then obviously everything that's
happened has happened but I definitely
will when this is all over
tips for making a youtube channel I just
made a whole video about how I make
videos for YouTube I'll leave it linked
up over here on the page no over here
somewhere god damn it one of these
corners honestly my main tip for making
videos is you just need to be consistent
and produce high quality videos for a
long period of time at the beginning a
lot of people have the same complaints
which is nobody's watching my video
no-one's interacting with them and I
know I know that struggle and that's how
it's always gonna be at the beginning
you have to consistently produce good
quality content for a period of time and
slowly slowly growth will come what do
you do when you're in a bad mood that's
a good question but for me honestly
napping or sleeping fixes pretty much
99% of my mood problems whenever I'm in
a bad mood or I'm angry or I'm
frustrated I just take a 10 to 20 minute
nap and then when I wake up I feel
completely refreshed and I can move on
with my day do you feel like you neglect
yourself sometimes because of medical
school
obviously there's periods of high
intensity and high pressure especially
leading up to an exam where you know you
drop everything in your life and you
just focus on your medical school
learning and exams and whatever but
generally speaking throughout the year I
really place a high emphasis on my own
happiness and my own just general
well-being if I don't exercise and go to
the gym if I don't see friends and if I
don't do the things that I actually
enjoy like making these youtube videos
then I'm not going to be a good doctor
I'm not going to learn my material well
and I'm not gonna enjoy my life while
I'm studying I find it very important to
have a balance between my happiness in
my life doing things that I actually
enjoy and also studying for medical
school because there's no point in
having one without the other so yeah
that would be my advice just try and
incorporate a little bit more of me time
personal time you time whatever you want
to call it into your week it doesn't
have to be something you do every day
and if you're really really busy just
find somewhere to do something that
makes you happy what's the best bad
decision you've made when I was in
university one of my side hustles was
buying and selling very rare limited
addition exotic spinners like you know
those things that kids would spin in
their hands so yeah there were these
private Facebook groups that sold very
very expensive versions of those I ended
up buying a spinner for 1500 Canadian
dollars and I had accumulated that money
from buying and selling other spinners
and that were like less rare and less
exotic and limited so I took all the
money I had made from that side hustle
and I bought this one spinner for one
thousand five hundred Canadian dollars
which is objectively a bad idea with way
too much risk but thankfully everything
worked out and I ended up something it
for over 4,000 Canadian dollars only one
week later have you thought about
possibly starting a podcast yes
absolutely this is one of the things at
the top of my wish list of things to do
if I had just a little bit more free
time I would definitely like start a
podcast and I'm definitely looking into
it how many m'aimes are in that jar
there are 291 or 292 I don't remember
but somebody already one I sent them a
letter in the mail they received it
they're very happy so yeah you guys can
stop commenting how many Eminem's are in
the jar do you write journals and do you
contemplate life no to both of those
questions but it's something that I
definitely want to improve on it's
actually on my list of New Year's
resolutions for 2020 I want to learn to
be a more reflective person I want to
think about the decisions that I make
and the actions that I do and just sort
of take a little bit of time to think
about life generally I find that I'm
very very focused on moving from one
activity to the next that I don't take
enough time to do things like that again
I'm actually reaching the top of that
list that I scrolled to off I reached
the top I made it I actually made it to
the very end I'm happy I did that I
really wanted to get through all of your
questions so I've made it okay that is
it that is enough questions answered for
this 150k Q&A I know I say this every
time but I genuinely cannot believe it
that we've reached this milestone like
150,000 people is just ridiculous it's
absolutely insane it's insane it's the
same it's the same you can't even think
about putting a hundred fifty thousand
people in one big place it's a big big
number and to finish I just want to say
a big thank you honestly from the bottom
of my heart for continuing to support
all of the videos that I put out making
YouTube videos is something that I
really enjoy doing in my spare time and
I love hearing your feedback
your comments and getting all kinds of
wonderful messages from you so please do
continue to communicate with me by
leaving me comments down below engaging
with these videos by liking and
subscribing and all the rest of it and
anyways guys I'm gonna keep making
videos as long as I'm enjoying it and as
long as you're enjoying them and who
knows maybe in a couple months we'll be
at another milestone making another Q&A
video anyways thank you so much for your
time thank you for watching this video
and I will see you in the next one face
and last question just because it's from
Rachel do you like sharks the I guess
sharks are cool I don't really
differentiate between them I remember
when I was a kid I really thought
hammerhead sharks were cool just because
they were flat and I imagined them going
like this